[Music]
this is going to be the end of the road
for a lot of salmon these bears are
really hungry
they haven't tasted salmon for ten
months and the big males battle for the
best fishing spots
the longer the salmon take over their
journey upstream the weaker they become
and these Falls present them with their
biggest challenge yet
although the Falls aren't very tall the
bears hold the high ground
the salmon makes short exploratory leaps
to see where the Bears are
but they don't always get it right
this mother bear has been waiting months
for this moment competition is fierce
for these first salmon even between a
mother and her own comes
more and more fish arrived at the foot
of the form
eventually they have to go for it
regardless of the danger
[Music]
but numbers are on their side for every
salmon that gets caught hundreds make it
past the Bears
[Music]
you